DOCSP-31008 document cap for number of log files (#318)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/logs.txt

Log Retention
-------------

> ``mongosh`` retains up to 100 log files for 30 days. Log files older than
> 30 days are automatically deleted.

Reviewer: [suggestion] I know this wasn't part of your ticket changes but it might be worth changing the last sentence to `[active voice](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/meta/style-guide/writing/use-active-voice/)`!

```suggestion
``mongosh`` retains up to 100 log files for 30 days. MongoDB automatically
deletes log files older than 30 days.
```

Reviewer 2: Let's use "mongosh" or "The MongoDB Shell" instead of "MongoDB" in that case? :)
